SporeStorm is point-and-click horror RPG game set in the 1990's. The player will be traveling throughout America by car. The country has been hit by a deadly infectious storm the news outlets are calling "SporeStorm". Anyone who is stuck in the storm is in grave danger, not only for themselves, but they are at high risk of infecting others. The goal of the game is to outrun the infectious storm by reaching the “Government Safe Zone” within the designated time frame. Each day, the player will reach a new point on the map where the player is met with decisions such as: Who to help, where to stop, and what to take. 

Various characters and interactions can have different effects on the player and their gameplay. For example, at their first stop the player will come across an NPC that they have the option to save. The player can either offer a seat in their car in return for what the NPC has to offer, or leave the NPC there. Due to the messages and decisions throughout the game, the target audience will be ages 13+. Younger players may not understand the impact of their decision, or even enjoy a game with this subject. 

Since our game contains very basic mechanics, we will rely on a detailed story to drive the gameplay. The decisions throughout the game will rely make the player question the morality of their choices. We prioritized player-driven story and interaction with other characters throughout the world to keep the player connected and immersed. Player choice and random events make the game unique every run. This allows for players to start from the beginning if mistakes are made or if they want to try for a different ending. 

Our team chose to develop this game because it combines video games aspects/elements and interests that we all share. We wanted to create a horror game because of our shared interested in the genre. The story will have a strong, well-written, and dynamic narrative that each team member can contribute to. This will give us a final game that we are all proud of. This game also allows each team member to contribute with their own personal strengths; art design, sound production, story writing. 

Since the game will have multiple endings, it is imperative we set up a strong play testing foundation. This will include roadmaps of all possible endings as well as pinpointing the trouble areas. Having a strong plan of how we will begin developing this game is also important as to make sure each team member is on the same page. 

DEVELOPMENT PLAN: 